Queued jobs documentation improvements (#281)
silverstripe-australia/silverstripe-queuedjobs: README.md

Note that this maintenance lock state is stored in a file. This is intentionally not using DB as a storage as it may not be available during some maintenance operations.
Please make sure that the `lock_file_path` is pointing to a folder on a shared drive in case you are running a server with multiple instances.

> One of the advantages of file locking is that in case of emergency when the site crashes and CMS is not available, you may still be able to get access to the filesystem and change the file lock manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One benefit of file locking is that in case of critical failure (e.g.: the site crashes and CMS is not available), you may still be able to get access to the filesystem and change the file lock manually.
```

For example, this code snippet runs the job and checks if the job ended up in a non-broken state.

## Advanced job setup

> This guide is recommended for developers who are already familiar with basic concepts and want to take full advantage of the features in this module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is recommended for developers who are already familiar with basic concepts and want to take full advantage of the features in this module.
```

### Job creation

Job object may be created several times during the job processing flow.

> * you create a job instance in your code and queue it (this is a constructor call with params)

Reviewer: What's this list about? Are those pre-condition that need to be met before proceeding? Are those scenarios where this would be helpful?

Please clarify.

Reviewer: If these two entries are meant to match Option 1 and Option 2 below, please make this explicit.

* queue runner will pick up the job, create an empty instance (this a constructor call without params) and then populate it with job data from the job descriptor

Considering that there are two cases of job creation we need to support, we have a few implementation options available.
Suppose we have a job which needs a `string`, an `integer` and an `array` as the input.

#### Option 1: Job constructor with specific params

> `Job class`

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence or two explaining what this option is before end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Job class
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

public function __construct(?string $string = null, ?int $integer = null, ?array $array = null)
{
    if ($string === null || $integer === null || $array === null) {
        return;
    }

    $this->string = $string;
    $this->integer = $integer;
    $this->array = $array;
}
```

> `Job creation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Job creation
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$job = new MyJob($string, $integer, $array);
```

##### Advantages

> * typed params

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Typed parameters.
```

##### Disadvantages

> * nullable values need to be provided and code handling of the nullable values has to be present (because the queue runner calls the constructor without params as data will come in later from job descriptor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nullable values need to be provided and code handling of the nullable values has to be present. That is necessary because the queue runner calls the constructor without parameters as data will come in later from job descriptor.
```

> * strict type is not completely strict because nullable values can be passed when they shouldn't be (job creation in your code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Strict type is not completely strict because nullable values can be passed when they shouldn't be (e.g.: at job creation in your code).
```

> This approach is especially problematic on PHP 7.3 or higher as there the static syntax checker may have an issue with nullable values and force you to implement additional check like `is_countable` on the job properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach is especially problematic on PHP 7.3 or higher as the static syntax checker may have an issue with nullable values and force you to implement additional check like `is_countable` on the job properties.
```

#### Option 2: Job constructor without specific params

> 

Reviewer: Add a sentence or two here

> `Job class`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Job class
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

public function __construct(array $params = [])
{
    if (!array_key_exists('string', $params) || !array_key_exists('integer', $params) || !array_key_exists('array', $params)) {
        return;
    }

    $this->string = $params['string'];
    $this->integer = $params['integer'];
    $this->array = $params['array'];
}
```

> `Job creation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Job creation
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$job = new MyJob(['string' => $string, 'integer' => $integer, 'array' => $array]);
```

##### Advantages

> * nullable values don't need to be handled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nullable values don't need to be handled.
```

##### Disadvantages

> * no strict param types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No strict parameter types.
```

> This approach is probably the simpliest one but with least param validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach is probably the simplest one but with least parameter validation.
```

#### Option 3: Separate hydrate method

> 

Reviewer: Add a blurb.

> `Job class`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Job class
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

// no constructor (uses the inherited one)

public function hydrate(string $string, int $integer, array $array): void
{
    $this->string = $string;
    $this->integer = $integer;
    $this->array = $array;
}
```

> `Job creation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Job creation
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$job = new MyJob();
$job->hydrate($string, $integer, $array);
```

> `Unit tests`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Unit tests
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$job = new MyJob();
$job->hydrate($string, $integer, $array);
$job->setup();
$job->process();

$this->assertTrue($job->jobFinished());

> other assertions can be placed here (job side effects, job data assertions...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// other assertions can be placed here (job side effects, job data assertions...)
```

```

##### Advantages

> * strict param type checking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Strict parameter type checking.
```

> * no nullable values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No nullable values.
```

> * no issues with PHP 7.3 or higher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No issues with PHP 7.3 or higher.
```

##### Disadvantages

> * separate method has to be implemented and called after job creation in your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Separate method has to be implemented and called after job creation in your code.
```

This approach is the most strict when it comes to validating params but requires the `hydrate` method to be called after each job creation.
Don't forget to call the `hydrate` method in your unit test as well.

> This option is recommended for project setup which havs many job types with complex processing as strict checking reduces the risk of input error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is recommended for project which have many job types with complex processing as strict checking reduces the risk of input error.
```

### Ideal job size

How much work should be done by a single job? This is the question you should ask yourself when implementing a new job type.

> There is no precise answer as this really depends on your project setup but there are some good practices that should be considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no precise answer. This really depends on your project setup but there are some good practices that should be considered:
```

> * `similar size` - the more narrow is the range of job sizes the easier is to optimise the queue settings and stack size to suit your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* similar size — the more narrow is the range of job sizes the easier is to optimise the queue settings and stack size to suit your project
```

> * `split the job work into steps` - this prevents your job to be running too long without an update to the job manager and lowers the risk of the job getting labeled as crashed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* split the job work into steps — this prevents your job to be running too long without an update to the job manager and lowers the risk of the job getting labelled as crashed
```

> * `avoid jobs that are too small` - jobs that are too small produce a large amount of job management overhead and are thus ineffective

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* avoid jobs that are too small — jobs that are too small produce a large amount of job management overhead and are thus inefficient
```
I think "inefficient" (not achieving maximum productivity) is a better word here than "ineffective" (not producing any significant or desired effect).

> * `avoid jobs that are too large` - jobs that are too large are difficult to execute as they may cause timeout issues during execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* avoid jobs that are too large — jobs that are too large are difficult to execute as they may cause timeout issues during execution.
```

> As a general rule of thumb one run of `process()` method in your job should not take more than `30 seconds`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a general rule of thumb, one run of `process()` method in your job should not take more than 30 seconds.
```

If your job is too large and takes way too long to execute, the job manager may label the job as crashed even though it's still executing.
If this happens you can either:

> * add job steps or review job steps if already present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add job steps or review job steps if already present
```

Author: What is this? I can't see any diff.

> * split the job into several smaller, dependant jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* split the job into several smaller dependant jobs.
```

> General recommendations are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also consider these general recommendations:
```

> * `majority case` use Job steps approach for work that represents one whole that should be completed as in one go and has little value when only partially completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* "majority case" use Job steps approach for work that represents one whole that should be completed in one go and has little value when only partially completed,
```

Reviewer: Are you trying to say that the majority of your jobs should be covered by the first point and that the second point should only cover a minority of jobs. It's not clear to me.

Author: yes, that's correct. Will try to improve the description

> * `minority case` use Dependant jobs approach for work that represents multiple parts that can be completed independently, i.e. there is value of only one part being completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* "minority case" use dependant jobs approach for work that represents multiple parts that can be completed independently, i.e. there is value even if only one part is completed
```

> Note that even if you go with dependant jobs approach, you should still implement steps for the individual jobs if it makes sense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that even if you choose the dependant jobs approach, you should still implement steps for the individual jobs if it makes sense.
```

> For example a static cache job should process each URL as a separate step even though there is a follow up job which handles CDN flush for the URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a static cache job should process each URL as a separate step even though there is a follow up job which handles CDN flush for the URLs.
```

> Dependant jobs approach also allows you to run these jobs in parallel on some project setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dependant job approach also allows you to run these jobs in parallel on some project setups.
```

> Job steps on the other hand always run in sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Job steps, on the other hand, always run in sequence.
```

### Job steps

It is highly recommended to use the job steps feature in your jobs.
Correct implementation of jobs steps makes your jobs more robust, resilient and reliable.

> Job step feature has two main functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job step feature has two main purposes.
```

> * indicate progress to the job manager so it could know if the job execution is still underway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Communicating progress to the job manager so it can know if the job execution is still underway.
```

> * provide a checkpoint in case job execution is interrupted for some reason, this will allow the job to resume from the last step processed instead of restarting the job from the beginning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Providing a checkpoint in case job execution is interrupted for some reason. This allows the job to resume from the last step completed instead of restarting from the beginning.
```

> Current job step can also be observed in the CMS via the Jobs admin UI. This is useful mostly for debugging purposes when monitoring job execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current job step can also be observed in the CMS via the _Jobs admin_ UI. This is useful mostly for debugging purposes when monitoring job execution.
```

> Job step `should not` be used to determine if job is complete or not. You should rely on the job data or database state instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Job step *should not* be used to determine if a job is completed or not. You should rely on the job data or database state instead.
```

> For example consider a job which accept a list of items to process and each item represents a separate step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider a job which accept a list of items to process and each item represents a separate step.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

<?php

namespace App\Jobs;

use Symbiote\QueuedJobs\Services\AbstractQueuedJob;

/**
 * Class MyJob
 *
 * @property array $items
 * @property array $remaining

>  * @package App\Jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 */
class MyJob extends AbstractQueuedJob
{
    public function hydrate(array $items): void
    {
        $this->items = $items;
    }

    /**
     * @return string
     */
    public function getTitle(): string
    {
        return 'My awesome job';
    }

    public function setup(): void
    {
        $this->remaining = $this->items;
        $this->totalSteps = count($this->items);
    }

    public function process(): void
    {
        $remaining = $this->remaining;

        // check for trivial case
        if (count($remaining) === 0) {
            $this->isComplete = true;

            return;
        }

        $item = array_shift($remaining);

        // code that will process your item goes here

        // update job progress
        $this->remaining = $remaining;
        $this->currentStep += 1;

        // check for job completion
        if (count($remaining) > 0) {
            return;
        }

        $this->isComplete = true;
    }
}

```

> This job setup has following features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This job setup has following features:
```

* one item is processed in each step
* each step will produce a checkpoint so job can be safely resumed
* job manager will be notified about job progress and is unlikely to label the job as crashed by mistake
* job uses data to determine job completion rather than the steps

> * original list of items is preserved in the job data so it can be used for other purposes (dependant jobs, debug...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* original list of items is preserved in the job data so it can be used for other purposes (dependant jobs, debug).
```

Don't forget that in your unit test you must call `process()` as many times as you have items in your test data as one `process()` call handles only one item.

### Dependant jobs

Sometimes it makes sense to split the work to be done between several jobs.

> For example consider following flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider the following flow:
```

* page gets published (generates URLs for static cache)
* page gets statically cached (generates static HTML for provided URLs)

> * page flushes cache on CDN for provided URLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* page flushes cache on CDN for provided URLs.
```

One way to implement this flow using queued jobs is to split the work between several jobs.

> Note that these actions have to be done is sequence so we may not be able to queue all needed jobs right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that these actions have to be done in sequence, so we may not be able to queue all needed jobs right away.
```

This may be because of:

* queue processing is run on multiple threads and we can't guarantee that jobs will be run in sequence

> * later actions have data dependencies on earlier actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* later actions have data dependencies on earlier actions.
```

> In this situation it's recommended to use the `Dependant job` approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this situation, it's recommended to use the _Dependant job_ approach.
```

> Use the `updateJobDescriptorAndJobOnCompletion` extension point in `QueuedJobService::runJob()` like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `updateJobDescriptorAndJobOnCompletion` extension point in `QueuedJobService::runJob()` like this:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

public function updateJobDescriptorAndJobOnCompletion(QueuedJobDescriptor $descriptor, QueuedJob $job): void
{
    // your code goes here
}
```

This extension point is invoked each time a job completes successfully.
This allows you to create a new job right after the current job completes.

> You have the access to job object and job descriptor in the extension point so if you need any data from previous job simply use these two variables to access the needed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the access to the job object and to the job descriptor in the extension point. If you need any data from the previous job, simply use these two variables to access the needed data.
```

> Going back to our example we would use the extension point to look for static cache job, i.e. if the completed job is not static cache job, just exit early.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going back to our example, we would use the extension point to look for the static cache job, i.e. if the completed job is not the static cache job, just exit early.
```

Then we would extract the URLs we need form the `$job` variable and queue a new CDN flush job with those URLs.

This approach has a downside though. The newly created job will be placed at the end of the queue.

> As a consequence, the work that we want get done may end up being very fragmented and each chunk may be processed at a different time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence, the work might end up being very fragmented and each chunk may be processed at a different time.
```

For example, this code snippet runs the job and checks if the job ended up in a non-broken state.

## Advanced job setup

This section is recommended for developers who are already familiar with basic concepts and want to take full advantage of the features in this module.

### Job creation

First, let's quickly summarise the lifecycle of a queued job:

1. job is created as an object in your code
2. job is queued, the matching job descriptor is saved into the database

> 3. job is picked and processed up by the queue runner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. job is picked and processed up by the queue runner.
```

Important thing to note is that **step 3** will create an empty job instance and populate it with data from the matching job descriptor.
Any defined params in the job constructor will not be populated in this step.
If you want to define your own job constructor and not use the inherited one, you will need to take this into account when implementing your job.
Incorrect implementation may result in the job processing losing some or all of the job data before processing starts.
To avoid this issue consider using one of the options below to properly implement your job creation.

Suppose we have a job which needs a `string`, an `integer` and an `array` as the input.

#### Option 1: Job data is set directly

It's possible to completely avoid defining constructor on your job and set the job data directly to the job object.
This is a good approach for simple jobs, but more complex jobs with a lot of properties may end up using several lines of code.

> ##### Job class

Reviewer: Maybe rename the "Job class" headers to "job class constructor". Otherwise this one looks a bit weird.

```php
// no constructor
```

##### Job creation

```php
$job = new MyJob();
// set job data
$job->string = $string;
$job->integer = $integer;
$job->array = $array;
```

##### Advantages

* No need to define constructor.
* Nullable values don't need to be handled.

##### Disadvantages

* No strict parameter types.
* Code may not be as DRY in case you create the job in many different places.

#### Option 2: Job constructor with specific params

Defining your own constructor is the most intuitive approach.
We need to take into consideration that the job constructor will be called without any params by the queue runner.

> The implementation needs to provide default values for all params and handle this special case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation needs to provide default values for all parameters and handle this special case.
```

public function __construct(?string $string = null, ?int $integer = null, ?array $array = null)
{
    if ($string === null || $integer === null || $array === null) {
        // job constructor called by the queue runner - exit early
        return;
    }

    // job constructor called in project code - populate job data
    $this->string = $string;
    $this->integer = $integer;
    $this->array = $array;
}
```

##### Job creation

```php
$job = new MyJob($string, $integer, $array);
```

##### Advantages

* Typed parameters.

##### Disadvantages

* Nullable values need to be provided and code handling of the nullable values has to be present. That is necessary because the queue runner calls the constructor without parameters as data will come in later from job descriptor.
* Strict type is not completely strict because nullable values can be passed when they shouldn't be (e.g.: at job creation in your code).

This approach is especially problematic on PHP 7.3 or higher as the static syntax checker may have an issue with nullable values and force you to implement additional check like `is_countable` on the job properties.

#### Option 3: Job constructor without specific params

> The inherited constructor has a generic params array as the only input and we can use it to pass arbitrary params to our job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inherited constructor has a generic parameter array as the only input and we can use it to pass arbitrary parameters to our job.
```

This makes the job constructor match the parent constructor signature but there is no type checking.

##### Job class

```php
public function __construct(array $params = [])
{
    if (!array_key_exists('string', $params) || !array_key_exists('integer', $params) || !array_key_exists('array', $params)) {
        // job constructor called by the queue runner - exit early
        return;
    }

    // job constructor called in project code - populate job data
    $this->string = $params['string'];
    $this->integer = $params['integer'];
    $this->array = $params['array'];
}
```

##### Job creation

```php
$job = new MyJob(['string' => $string, 'integer' => $integer, 'array' => $array]);
```

##### Advantages

* Nullable values don't need to be handled.

##### Disadvantages

* No strict parameter types.

> This approach is probably the simplest one but with least parameter validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach is probably the simplest one but with the least parameter validation.
```

#### Option 4: Separate hydrate method

> This approach is the most strict when it comes to validating params but requires the `hydrate` method to be called after each job creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach is the strictest when it comes to validating parameters but requires the `hydrate` method to be called after each job creation.
```

Don't forget to call the `hydrate` method in your unit test as well.

> This option is recommended for projects which have many job types with complex processing as strict checking reduces the risk of input error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is recommended for projects which have many job types with complex processing. Strict checking reduces the risk of input error.
```

##### Job class

```php
// no constructor

public function hydrate(string $string, int $integer, array $array): void
{
    $this->string = $string;
    $this->integer = $integer;
    $this->array = $array;
}
```

##### Job creation

```php
$job = new MyJob();
$job->hydrate($string, $integer, $array);
```

##### Unit tests

```php
$job = new MyJob();
$job->hydrate($string, $integer, $array);
$job->setup();
$job->process();

$this->assertTrue($job->jobFinished());
// other assertions can be placed here (job side effects, job data assertions...)
```

##### Advantages

* Strict parameter type checking.
* No nullable values.
* No issues with PHP 7.3 or higher.

##### Disadvantages

* Separate method has to be implemented and called after job creation in your code.

### Ideal job size

How much work should be done by a single job? This is the question you should ask yourself when implementing a new job type.
There is no precise answer. This really depends on your project setup but there are some good practices that should be considered:

> * similar size — the more narrow is the range of job sizes the easier is to optimise the queue settings and stack size to suit your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* similar size — it's easier to optimise the queue settings and stack size of your project when your jobs are about the same size
```

I think that says about the same thing, but is a little easier to understand.

> * split the job work into steps — this prevents your job to be running too long without an update to the job manager and lowers the risk of the job getting labelled as crashed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* split the job work into steps — this prevents your job running for too long without an update to the job manager and it lowers the risk of the job getting labelled as crashed
```

* avoid jobs that are too small — jobs that are too small produce a large amount of job management overhead and are thus inefficient
* avoid jobs that are too large — jobs that are too large are difficult to execute as they may cause timeout issues during execution.

> As a general rule of thumb, one run of `process()` method in your job should not take more than 30 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a general rule of thumb, one run of your job's `process()` method should not exceed 30 seconds.
```

If your job is too large and takes way too long to execute, the job manager may label the job as crashed even though it's still executing.
If this happens you can:

> * add job steps which help the job manager to determine if job is still being processed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add job steps which help the job manager to determine if job is still being processed.
```

> * in case you already use steps you may want to review how large the steps are, maybe they can be made smaller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're job is already divided in steps, try dividing the larger steps into smaller ones.
```

> * split the job into several smaller dependant jobs for work that represents multiple parts that can be completed independently, i.e. there is value even if only one part is completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your job performs actions that can be completed independently from the others, you can split the job into several smaller dependant jobs (e.g.: there is value even if only one part is completed).
```

> The dependant job approach also allows you to run these jobs in parallel on some project setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dependant job approach also allows you to run these jobs concurrently on some project setups.
```

I think "concurrently" is more precise in this context.

Job steps, on the other hand, always run in sequence.

### Job steps

It is highly recommended to use the job steps feature in your jobs.

> Correct implementation of jobs steps makes your jobs more robust, resilient and reliable.

Reviewer: "robust, resilient and reliable"

Those 3 adjectives more or less all mean the same thing.

The job step feature has two main purposes.

> * Communicating progress to the job manager so it can know if the job execution is still underway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Communicating progress to the job manager so it knows if the job execution is still underway.
```

> * Providing a checkpoint in case job execution is interrupted for some reason. This allows the job to resume from the last step completed instead of restarting from the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Providing a checkpoint in case job execution is interrupted for some reason. This allows the job to resume from the last completed step instead of restarting from the beginning.
```

> Current job step can also be observed in the CMS via the _Jobs admin_ UI. This is useful mostly for debugging purposes when monitoring job execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently executing job step can also be observed in the CMS via the _Jobs admin_ UI. This is useful mostly for debugging purposes when monitoring job execution.
```

> Job step *should not* be used to determine if a job is completed or not. You should rely on the job data or database state instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Job steps *should not* be used to determine if a job is completed or not. You should rely on the job data or the database state instead.
```

            return;
        }

        $this->isComplete = true;
    }
}

```

This job setup has following features:

* one item is processed in each step
* each step will produce a checkpoint so job can be safely resumed
* job manager will be notified about job progress and is unlikely to label the job as crashed by mistake
* job uses data to determine job completion rather than the steps
* original list of items is preserved in the job data so it can be used for other purposes (dependant jobs, debug).

Don't forget that in your unit test you must call `process()` as many times as you have items in your test data as one `process()` call handles only one item.

### Dependant jobs

Sometimes it makes sense to split the work to be done between several jobs.
For example, consider the following flow:

* page gets published (generates URLs for static cache)
* page gets statically cached (generates static HTML for provided URLs)
* page flushes cache on CDN for provided URLs.

One way to implement this flow using queued jobs is to split the work between several jobs.
Note that these actions have to be done in sequence, so we may not be able to queue all needed jobs right away.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This may be because of:

* queue processing is run on multiple threads and we can't guarantee that jobs will be run in sequence
* later actions have data dependencies on earlier actions.

In this situation, it's recommended to use the _Dependant job_ approach.

Use the `updateJobDescriptorAndJobOnCompletion` extension point in `QueuedJobService::runJob()` like this:

```php

> public function updateJobDescriptorAndJobOnCompletion(QueuedJobDescriptor $descriptor, QueuedJob $job): void

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public function updateJobDescriptorAndJobOnCompletion(
    QueuedJobDescriptor $descriptor, 
    QueuedJob $job
): void
```

{
    // your code goes here
}
```

This extension point is invoked each time a job completes successfully.
This allows you to create a new job right after the current job completes.

> You have the access to the job object and to the job descriptor in the extension point. If you need any data from the previous job, simply use these two variables to access the needed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have access to the job object and to the job descriptor in the extension point. If you need any data from the previous job, simply use these two variables to access the needed data.
```
